France Today
Stop it!
Enough!
I'll kill myself if you go.
Do it for once. Drop dead.
We'll be off. It takes ages
Don't worry, Mimi will be fine.
JEAN-PIERRE'S MOUTH
Will Mum die?
No, of course not
She's just depressed
Anyway, it's her fault
She always gets in a mess.
Here's your bed.
It's not a bedroom.
I haven't much room, you know
Besides, you won't be here long.
You got stuck with the kid?
Ssh. You'll wake her up.
Mimi
Stop
Mimi, can you give me a hand?
Help me
I'll make your breakfast soon
Sleep well?
What's that?
Just some blood. Don't worry
Your turn will come
Look, here's Jean-Pierre.
TURKEY HOPES TO JOIN
EUROPEAN COMMUNITY
Brussels examines Turkey's
request to enter EEC
Where do you live, Mimi?
In the south.
Ah, the sourthern suburbs
It's cleaner than here.
Yes.
Even so
Be nice and polite to everyone
Good day, sir. Goodbye madam
It's important. Understand?
Are you Portuguese?
Spanish?
Breton?
I'm French.
May I?
You're very beautiful.
Don't touch. It's not a toy
She's my favourite. Don't move her
You've got dolls. Lots of them
All these things are presents
Each has its place. Don't touch
Play in your corner over there
Don't move things
It's not your home.
Hi, Solange. I wanted to see you
I've got up a petition
About the Arabs on the 5th floor
Filthy lot. I want you to sign
It's getting unbearable.
Give it here.
Come for a drink, I'll fill you in.
Sorry love. I've no Fanta
I wasn't expecting you.
It's signed.
Nice of you
Here's to love
I saw your new boyfriend
He's a dish.
Well, I like him.
Is he nice to you?
Yes, alright.
Good. I'm happy for you
But watch out, though
Because he's younger than you
You know what men are like
What's new is nice but then...
They start looking around.
And now...
...You must clearly visualize...
...the negative agent aggresing you
With all your strength...
...you are destroying it
It is getting weaker and weaker
Getting smaller and smaller
It has nearly disappeared
To...ta...lly
Feel your victory
In your body
Don't hesitate to smile
And let flow through you...
...positive vibes
You are...
...and extraordinary factory...
...of natural medicine.
- Grandma, what big ears you have!
- All the better to hear you with.
- Grandma, what big teeth you have!
- All the better to eat you with.
Then the big bad wolf jumped on
Little Red Riding Hood and ate her.
Phone!
Ah, Jean-Pierre
It's not a good time
Hold on.
Can you go out a minute?
THE SWORD AND THE SCALES
The crimes which shock us the most
are crimes against children
How can we stop them when it may
be our own neighbour doing it?
The question is raised by
Benoit's murder
He was strangled and drowned
near Vesoul
Our second case is the murder
of little Céline
She was raped and stabbed
near Bourges
And we'll end with a final
question
What should we do with
child murderers?
I'd ream guys like that
Death penalty. No question.
...these crimes which appal
public opinion.
When Eric was born in August 1964
in Saint-Pourçain...
...his mother had already
divorced his father
He had been jailed on
their wedding night
Eric would never know him
Even in his teens, Eric was
attracted to young boys...
Stop that with your nails
Stop it.
Can I watch TV with you?
No, it's too late.
And it's not for little girls.
...He felt hurt, so he wanted to
make contact with a child.
"Make contact" is of course
a euphemism
Outside his trade school he
threatened a boy with a knife
Fortunately, the boy managed
to escape
Eric was arrested and sent
for trial
He claimed in his defence
that he...
Those guys get fucked over
in the clink.
He said it had happened before,
it's not sexual, it's sentimental.
Move over
Mimi, move
Are you deaf or what?
OK, take your dolls
Go and play in the hall.
Bob's on his way.
Hi
Mimi?
"In Paris there are women around
"Ask where they are to be found
"I met one once inside a bar
"I sat not too close, not too far
"To get her to bed, I used my head"
Have you gone completely crazy?
Get inside.
COMPETITION: WHERE AND HOW DID
KAREN AND RICHARD FIRST KISS?
FIRST CORRECT ANSWER WINS A
TRIP TO HOLLYWOOD
Answer me
You put me through hell today
Imagine if I told your mother
She'd be furious, you know.
Why get so upset?
I can't stand that kid.
What's wrong?
Ask her what she was doing with
that guitarist opposite.
So what's going on?
What's with the Portuguese guy?
Not Portuguese, American.
Stop that and answer me
Did he ask you in?
Answer me
Look at me when I'm talking
What did you go for?
I didn't do anything.
I'll tell him
The queer
Listen here, you wanker
If I see you with my niece,
I'll beat your head in
Arsehole!
One peep out of you and
I'll call the cops
Bugger off
I'll put the cops up your arse.
Solange!
The kid's calling.
What?
The kid's calling. Go and see.
Coming
What is it? A nightmare?
It'll be OK now.
Leave it open.
No, you'll sleep better.
Well?
Nothing. She's asleep again
It can't be easy for her.
Has mum phoned?
No. She's probably not well.
Not well, my foot.
I have to go
Stay with Jean-Pierre today.
She'll be in hospital for ever.
Can I phone her?
Yes, but do it straight away.
I can see her point
Board and lodging on the state
And that way she's not alone.
I hope you'll be fine
Here's your daughter.
Mum, are you alright?
Are you staying there long?
Yes, but will you be back soon?
A big kiss.
See you tonight.
Alright, dollies?
Virginie, are you going with Kate?
You look pretty like that
Are you going with Guillaume?
Wearing your evening dress?
Are you babysitting Céline?
I see
What are you doing, Virginie?
Your dolls are very pretty
Aren't you a bit old for dolls?
This one's pretty
She even has breasts
Are you happy here?
Yes.
Aunt Solange is strict
And she's a bit fussy
You can't leave dolls around
Cat got your tongue?
Do you feel good?
I could be your friend
Would you like that?
Pretty blonde hair
Like gold
Look at me
D'you think I'm nice?
Not saying anything?
I'll be nice to you
Look at me
A little kiss?
Give me a kiss
I don't want to hurt you
I won't hurt you
Kiss me
Fuck it! You piss me off!
Don't think of telling Solange.
Mimi?
What is it now?
There's no end to it
I've called you three times
Dinner's ready. Jean-Pierre made it.
He's a queer.
Get going.
I made a nice little chicken
Grain-fed, organic or something
What does she like?
The leg.
I'm not hungry.
Eat it up.
Delicious chicken.
My tummy aches.
Take me to hospital.
You don't go to hospital
for that.
It really hurts.
If you won't eat, go to bed
It'll be better tomorrow.
Can you take me to hospital?
Go home.
Wow
You even wash up.
I won't hurt you
Kiss me.
Well, I've pumped her stomach
She's much better
She'll have to see a psychologist.
I don't want to go back there
I don't want to.
MORAL
Doctors dream up such shit.
I can't keep her
We'll put her somewhere.
We can always go and see her.